---
layout: page
title:  Curriculum Vitae
subtitle: CV
---

**Jason Hubbard**

Curriculum Vitae

November 2016

**Education**

2011 - Present PhD (in progress), Psychology, Cognitive Neuroscience\
University of Oregon

2011 - 2012 Master of Science, Psychology, Cognitive Neuroscience\
University of Oregon

2007 - 2011 Master of Arts, Psychological Research

San Francisco State University

2001 - 2005 Bachelor of Arts, Cognitive Science

Emphasis on Cognitive Neuroscience

University of California, Berkeley

**Research Experience**

September 2011 – Present *Graduate Researcher*

> Cognitive Dynamics Lab,
>
> University of Oregon

July 2009 – 2011 *Primary Investigator,*

> *Graduate Researcher*
>
> Action and Consciousness Laboratory,
>
> San Francisco State University

July 2010 – 2011 *Lab Manager *

> Action and Consciousness Laboratory,
>
> San Francisco State University

October 2007 - June 2009 *Research Assistant*

> Dr. Rosemarie Bowler,

San Francisco State University

January 2006 - May 2008 *Research Assistant *

> The Memory and Aging Center,

University of California, San Francisco

**Grants and Awards**

2015 Award Winner, 6^th^ Annual Graduate Research Forum, University of
Oregon.

2013 - 2014 Henry V. Howe Scholarship. University of Oregon.

2012 University of Michigan Intensive fMRI Training Program. Travel and
expenses grant.

**Publications**
 
 Hubbard, J., Kuhns, D., Schäfer, T. A., & Mayr, U. (2016). Is Conflict Adaptation Due to Active Regulation or Passive Carry-Over? Evidence from Eye Movements*. Journal of experimental psychology. Learning, memory, and cognition*.
 
 Hubbard, J., Harbaugh, W.T., Srivastava, S., Degras, D., & Mayr, U. (2016) A General Benevolence Dimension that Links Neural, Psychological, Economic, and Life-span Data on Altruistic Tendencies. *Journal of Experimental Psychology: General. 145*(10), 1351.
 
 Hubbard, J., Kuhns, D., & Mayr, U. (in press). Is Conflict Adaptation due to Active Regulation or Passive Carry-Over? Evidence from Eye Movements. *Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition*.
 
 Hubbard, J., Molapour, T., & Morsella, E. (2016). The Subjective Consequences of Experiencing Random Events. *International Journal of Psychological Studies*, *8*(2), 120.
 
 Kikumoto, A., Hubbard, J., & Mayr, U. (2016). Dynamics of Task-set Carry-Over: Evidence from Eye-Movement Analyses. *Psychonomic Bulletin and Review*.
 
 Mayr, U., Kuhns, D., & Hubbard, J. (2014). Long-Term Memory and the Control of Attentional Control. *Cognitive Psychology*.
 
 Hubbard, J., Rigby, T., Godwin, C., Gazzaley, A., & Morsella, E. (2013). Representations in working memory yield interference effects found with externally-triggered representations. *Acta Psychologica*, *142:1,* 127-135. 
 

Hubbard, J., Gazzaley, A., & Morsella, E. (2011). Traditional response
interference effects from anticipated action outcomes: A response-effect
compatibility paradigm. *Acta Psychologica*, *138*, 106-110.
 
 Morsella, E., Montemayor, C., Hubbard, J., & Zarolia, P. (2010). Conceptual knowledge: Grounded in sensorimotor states or a disembodied deus ex machina? *Behavioral and Brain Sciences*, *33:6,* 455-456.
 
 Morsella, E., & Hubbard, J. (2010). Controlled-Reflective Processes Arise from Integrative Action-Goal Selection in the Ventral Pathway. *European Journal of Personality, 24:5,* 404-422.

**Posters and Presentations**

Hubbard, J., Mayr, U., & Harbaugh, W.T. (2016). Neuroanatomical
Indicators of Altruistic Concern. Poster presented at the Annual
Convention for the Cognitive Neuroscience Society, New York, NY.

Morales, P.J., Hubbard, J., Kikumoto, A., & Mayr, U. (2015) Mixed
Signals from the Feedback-Related Negativity: Effects of Both Expextancy
Violations and Negative Events. Poster presented at the Annual
Convention for the Psychonomics Society, Chicago, IL.

Hubbard, J., Harbaugh, W., Srivastava, S., & Mayr, U. (2015). Looking
for the Heart in the Brain: Neuroimaging Analyses of Life-Span
Differences in Charitable Giving. Poster presented at the Annual
Convention for the Cognitive Neuroscience Society, San Francisco, CA. 

Hubbard, J., Kikumoto, A., & Mayr, U. (2014). Pupil diameter reflects
exploration versus exploration in task switching. Poster presented at
the Annual Convention for the Psychonomics Society, Long Beach, CA.

Hubbard, J., & Mayr, U. (2013). Examining the structural underpinnings
of executive control processes. Poster presented at the Annual
Convention for the Cognitive Neuroscience Society, San Francisco, CA.

Godwin, C. A., Hubbard, J., Schweiger, E., McBride \[Allen\], A., &
Morsella, E. (2012). Subjective effects in a response-effect
compatibility paradigm with subliminal distractors. Poster presented at
the Annual Convention of the Association for Psychological Science,
Chicago.

Cooper, S., Jantz, T., Hubbard, J., & Morsella, E. (2012). The limits of
self-control: Susceptibility of goal-related representations to
externally-triggered distraction. Poster presented at the Annual
Convention of the Society for Personality and Social Psychology, San
Diego.

Hubbard, J., Godwin, C., Sigman, M., & Morsella, E. (2011). The cost of
consciousness: The processing of simultaneous subliminal and
supraliminal stimuli. Poster presented at the Annual Convention of the
Association for Psychological Science, Washington, D.C.

Zarolia, P., Jantz, T., Hubbard, J., & Morsella, E. (2011). Beyond the
flanker task: Interference from incentivized distracters, anticipated
action-effects, and refreshed representations. Poster presented at the
Annual Convention of the Society for Cognitive Neuroscience, San
Francisco.

Hubbard, J., Molapour, T., Dennehy, T. C., & Morsella, E. (2011). The
subjective consequences of experiencing random events. Poster presented
at the Annual Convention of the Society for Personality and Social
Psychology, San Antonio, Texas.

Dennehy, T. C., Hubbard, J., & Morsella, E. (2011). Nisbett and Wilson
(1977) revisited: The little that we can know and can tell. Poster
presented at the Annual Convention of the Society for Personality and
Social Psychology, San Antonio, Texas.

Hubbard, J. (2011, January 27). A History of Ideomotor Theory. San
Francisco, CA.

Hubbard, J., Lynn, M.T., Zarolia, P., & Morsella, E., (2010).
Internally-generated representations yield the facilitation and
interference effects found with external stimuli. Poster presented at
the annual Association for Psychological Science Conference, Boston, MA.

Hubbard, J., Morsella, E., Rigby, T., & Gazzaley, A., (2010).
Inter-representational dynamics: endogenously-generated representations
in working memory yield the interference effects found with external
stimuli. Poster presented at the California Cognitive Science
Conference, Berkeley, CA.

Hubbard, J. (2010, March 1). Working-Memory Versions of the Flanker Task
Yield Traditional Perceptual- and Response-Interference Effects.
California State University Research Competition. San Francisco, CA.

Gocheva, V., & Hubbard, J., (2009, August 9). NAB Memory and ACT, Rey-O,
and WAIS-III Performance in Mn-exposed Welders. Part of symposium:
Manganese Health Effects in Welding: Scientific Investigation Addressing
the Controversy. Presented at the 117^th^ annual American Psychological
Association Convention, Toronto, ON Canada.

Woolley, JD; Gorno-Tempini, ML; Seeley, B; Rankin, K; Lee, S; Matthews,
B; Kang, J; Chen, T; Hubbard, J; Miller, BL (2006). Compulsive eating is
associated with atrophy of right ventral insula in frontotemporal
dementia. Abstract presented at the 5th International Conference on
Frontotemporal Dementia, San Francisco, CA.

**Service**

Ad Hoc Reviewer-- Psychological Science

Ad Hoc Reviewer-- Experimental Brain Research

Ad Hoc Reviewer-- Psychonomic Bulletin & Review

**Teaching**

Spring 2016 *Instructor*

Computing for the Behavioral Scientist

Summer 2015 *Instructor*

Cognitive Psychology

Summer 2013 *Instructor*

Decision Making

**Software**

-   edfR – an R package for basic importing of data from Eyelink eye
    trackers <https://github.com/jashubbard/edfR>

-   itrackR – an R package for high-level analysis of eye tracking data
    from Eyelink eye trackers <https://github.com/jashubbard/itrackR>
    
-   iTrack – a Matlab package for high-level analysis of eye tracking
    data from Eyelink eye trackers
    <https://github.com/jashubbard/iTrack>

**Related Skills**

-   Programming Experience: Matlab, Python, R, bash scripting

-   Neuroimaging: fMRI analysis in FSL, SPM, NeuroElf, NiPype.
    Structural MRI (Freesurfer, ANTs). Diffusion Tensor Imaging using
    FSL and Matlab. EEG time-frequency analysis. Multivariate decoding
    (EEG and fMRI)

-   Professional experience with graphics software: Adobe Photoshop,
    Adobe InDesign, Adobe Illustrator

-   Professional experience as a system administrator/IT manager,
    responsible for server configuration and maintenance, IT
    infrastructure improvements, as well as hardware and software
    troubleshooting and maintenance of client machines.


